Mr. Yang Mr. Yang
Mr. Yang, you can count on Mr. Yang
You're finally here.
Here comes a country girl
I want to claim the 200 million contract you gave me
He also boasted that he had broken the world record
Just now
I still want to pretend to receive the three good gifts you gave me.
Fortunately, my husband arrived in time
We're trying to kick him out.
Save him from disrupting our meeting
Well, Mr. Yang
Excuse me.
I startled you.
I'll kick this rabble out for you right away
Are your ears not working?
Ah, didn't you hear me?
Mr. Lin and classmate Lin are my relatives
A guest of honor?
Mr. Yang
So here they are, a couple of poor farmers.
Poor and unambitious
How could this be your guest?
Insult my guest, you are courting death